docs: improve README and hows-to (#271)
eduNEXT/eox-core: docs/how_to/pipeline.rst

> Pipeline

Reviewer: we can change this to: 
```suggestion
Social Auth Pipeline

```

========

> Define functions that are used in the third-party authentication flow.

Reviewer: Can we link docs for social auth authentication pipeline?

Author: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AC/pages/936247448/Authentication this one?

Reviewer: This one: https://python-social-auth.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pipeline.html. We can add something like: for more information on social auth pipelines, please refer to...

+------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| create_signup_source_for_new_association | Register a new signup source for users with a new social auth link. The signup source will be associated with the current site and user. |
+------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ensure_user_has_signup_source            | Register a new signup source for users with a social auth link but no signup source associated with the current site.                    |
|                                          | The signup source will be associated with the current site and user.                                                                     |
+------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> You can visit the `file implementation <https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-core/blob/dcoa/improve-docs/eox_core/pipeline.py>`_ for a better understanding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can visit the `file implementation <https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-core/blob/master/eox_core/pipeline.py>`_ for a better understanding.
```
